jun woo who lives with his parents and
sister in an apartment complex
spends his day's video game live
streaming while his family is out
the news reports that a mysterious
rapidly spreading disease is causing its
victims to attack and eat uninfected
people
and the government has lost control from
his balcony
jun woo sees his neighbors fleeing or
attacking one another
he goes to check the hallway but a
neighbor barges in and succumbs to
infection
june wu barely manages to push him out
and lock the door
he then receives messages from his
parents telling him that they are safe
june wu barricades himself inside and
posts a rescue request on social media
no help comes within days the
neighborhood is overrun with infected
though the emergency power stays on june
woo gradually loses access to running
water
internet service and phone networks he
watches a policewoman attempt to escape
the complex
but she is overwhelmed and infected an
infected man breaks into his apartment
but june woo manages to bait it into
falling off his balcony
when his food and water runs low he
begins drinking from his father's liquor
cabinet
as he hallucinates about his family his
phone network is
restored momentarily and he receives a
voicemail from his family recording
their last moments
driven by grief he prepares to hang
himself but stops when he is flashed by
a laser pointer's beam from ubin
another survivor living in the apartment
opposite of his balcony
they begin signalling to each other
daily seeing that junwoo is hungry
yubin connects their apartments with a
homemade zipline and sends him food
an infected man manipulates the zipline
causing you ben's table to fly and knock
her out
the infected man climbs up the string to
her apartment but june would distract it
with his flying drone long enough for
ubin to wake up and kill it
junwoo decides to search for supplies
finding food clothing
and walkie-talkies in his neighbor's
unit he sends a walkie-talkie to you bin
and the two begin to bond the infected
hordes become agitated
and eubin knocks over some furniture
while trying to hide
the sound causes a group to converge on
her apartment
and junwoo distracts them by calling an
adjacent unit's landline
realizing that they will die if they
stay put the pair repel from their
balconies
recover the policewoman's revolver and
fight their way to the eighth floor of
june woo's apartment together
determining that the floor is safe the
horde finds them
but a stranger emerges from his
apartment and saves the pair
in the stranger's home the pair accepts
his food
which has been drugged the stranger
cuffs the inebriated pair
then tries to feed uben to his infected
wife
eubin is able to wrap a bag over the
infected wife's head
then releases the zombie upon her
husband she shoots them both with the
revolver
but the gunshots attract the infected
euban asks june wu to mercy kill her
however jun wu hears helicopters outside
the pair fight their way to the rooftop
chased by the infected
just as they are about to be overwhelmed
an army helicopter shoots the horde down
and the pair are flown off to safety
a voice over by an anchorman explains
that wireless networks are being
restored and the military has begun
rescuing survivors who made social media
posts
her body has been taken over by
cordyceps
a parasitic fungus
it floods her brain with chemicals
drugging her
compelling her to head where conditions
are perfect
[Music]
just the right amount of light just
the right amount of humidity for the
parasite growing inside
[Music]
it forces her to clamp down in a death
bite
and cordyceps reveals its gruesome
nature
[Music]
after three weeks of growth
cordyceps can release its own spores
infecting more ants releasing more
spores
infecting more ants